[Music]
we're in the difficult boat show there's
a new co vocal the super and or pcs or
20 the lots particularly exciting about
this platform is that it also exhibits a
new form of propulsion the internal
accommodation exhibits a lot of traits
you would expect of a serious wakeboard
foam we've got a two point five four
meter beam and it's carried quite a long
way forward so we've got a spacious bow
for sunbathing we've got a lot of
seating in the cockpit some are facing
seats to spot a weight border and
additional seats right aft on the swim
platform as you would expect this boat
uses ballast tanks and Orsi surf system
to help govern the size and shape of the
week it also uses electric propulsion
and that turns out 750 Newton meters a
talk which is about 30% more than a 5.7
liter v8 the best thing is though that
you can you can tailor all of that your
chosen sport by means of this very
sophisticated touchscreen interface in
terms of practicalities you can get to
the half hours as a solid wakeboarding
out of this before you give it a
recharge and then it only takes one to
two hours to recharge the batteries
that's pretty good it also gives you
access to lakes that you wouldn't
otherwise be allowed to visit that's
great the only issue its price and it's
two hundred and twenty three thousand
euros which is more than double the
price as a conventional GS 20 so if
you're going to go electric you've
really got to mean it
[Music]
you